we got a whole slew of crap
lying around our property and we
happen to have a treadmill that
we could probably Salvage the
motor from and use it for
generator was not we do it I'm
taking this thing apart
it was crazy i love taking
motors need to eat electricity
to spin and and turn stuff and
then if you physically turn the
motor backwards with wind power
hand power water power it
creates electricity to recharge
the battery on their truck Tony
and Amelia's wind turbine needs
to crank out nearly 15 volts of
electricity enough to power more
than 160 wat light bulbs but
working the next step in this
jigsaw puzzle would be the shaft
let's go search through our junk
piles in our property
yeah
we're looking around under the
house and we find a few
different sizes a PVC that can
be kind of put together now
we're talking with PVC and then
we found a long metal rod to
connect our motor to our turbine
cool look at how we use make the
blade component of the turbine
should do it next step is to
build the turbine that's the
part that actually is being spun
by the wind so we need to find
something we can use to make the
blades of the turbine uh-huh
this and we end up finding snow
shovels
oh nice I might have a design in
my brain
we're gonna see how badass of
adjunct wizard I am gonna crank
it up a notch
got it wow that my masterpiece
that freaked out contraption
that's from the future i think
the cool thing about found
materials is there free but
sometimes they're the wrong
dimension little discombobulated
you gotta get pretty creative to
figure out how to get all the
found materials to work with one
another as a tight one
we're ready to install it so the
next step is to get this big
crazy wind turbine up on top of
the tower that's going to be a
little bit dangerous but take a
look for it